Hi everybody and welcome back.
And this section we're gonna be talking about Common's would imply.
So in any programming language there are what are known as comments and comments are in fantastic and
very helpful tool in any language not just writing.
So what exactly is a comment.
A comment allows you to add plain English text to your programs and this tax will be ignored by the
python interpreter.
So comments are completely ignored by the computer.
So you don't have to worry about them causing errors or upsetting your programs.
And how do we write.
Comments well implied in a comment begins with the hash symbol.
This lets Platon know that everything after a comment is to be ignored.
So let's look at a quick example.
Let's enter in a comment.
This is my hello world program and let's print out Hello World print
open and close brackets.
Hello world.
And let's see what we guessed from our interpreter perfect bottom left hand side Hello world.
So as you can see the two comments that we've included here are not output it onto your screen and are
completely ignored by Peyton.
So this leave you free to add in tips reminders and comments for programmers to help them when reading
your programming as your programs become larger and more complicated.
Comments are a great way for you to insert helpful notes about a piece of code or program because when
you come back to it in a few months or a few years later you may not know why you wrote what you did.
So going forward now in this course we're going to be adding in comments throughout our code.
At the start of every program and then throughout our programs to give helpful pointers and reminders.
Thank you and I see you in the next letter.